Ron Johnson and Ron Johnson Staff,

Recently I was scammed out of $2500 usd (9600 xrp cryptocurrency) by someone posing as Brad Garlinghouse (ceo) from Ripple XRP crypto.  Many attempts have been made directed at Ripple and Coinbase about this loss and about how best to combat this crime to where maybe i could recover my money.  The response was negative even disrespectful where the current solution in their eyes was myself, that the users of cryptocurrency should know better, or lose their investment. To me, this is an outrage, which I would like to explain.  Please read on:

Something must be done about the handling of hash for digital assets such as XRP and ETH.  I contacted a blockchain programming development firm for discussion about how to implement a software solution to this.  The firm explained to me that they currently have something designed to help combat Phishing scams which would put the transaction on a 24 hour hold, giving the sender time to cancel the transaction.  The firm was not very hopeful as their experience with others trying to implement this approach felt that, the wider crypto investor population will not want to wait 24 hours to send or receive their digital assets.  I believe this is one example of why nothing has happened and why the abusive use of assets saved and sent in Hash and why it has become such a risky endeavor.  Anyway, the practice of using Hash as the protocol for carrying a buy or sell command through the blockchain has progressed with no opposition.  People every day are losing vast amounts of money to something as simple as sending a buy order for crypto currency incorrectly.  No mercy, no forgiveness, and no tolerance for newly adopted users of cryptocurrency.  Again, I find this to be an outrage.

Again, we have come up with some solutions, my idea is to protect assets with an unzip parameter which requires the recipient to receive a code from the sender to open the file after it is sent or a two step verification process.  The firm i approached on the matter, suggested using its solution where all sent files fall into a 24 hour hold to allow for reversal.  Armed with ideas like this, I seek assistance and authority of a legislative body to help govern such matters.  I do believe it is a worthy effort and justified by the many people who have lost their crypto from mishandling of the hash formated protocol.  To me, it is absolute abuse and unfair to everyday users of cryptocurrency, and in a way, prohibits the universal adoption, onboarding and general use of crypto by all who wish to participate.  

Where fear dominates something, that fear must be squelched.  Where unforgiveness and intolerance dominates something, a reciprocal response should always be instituted.  It is the American way, it is a constitutional matter, in my assessment.   Love and Grace courses within the bloodstream of all countries governed as a Republic…a democracy, and this applies to all things, wherever the conduct of its constituents are subject to harm.  When I learned, as an unlearned innocent user of crypto, that something as inadvertent as moving assets from a BTC account to an ETH account would result in the loss of my funds, then I knew intuitively that I was violated by something that should be deemed a human right.  Furthermore, the mere fact that no one even knows what happens to crypto if they are sent incorrectly using this the Hash formated protocol, justifies governance by an authority of human rights.  That is how wrong I think this is.

where does cryptocurrency go if it is mistakenly sent incorrectly in the hash format, like from a BTC account in one exchange over to an ETH account in another exchange?  My experience is that the crypto just gets destroyed or gets lost to some kind of black hole.  That is absolutely abusive to the young unlearned user of crypto.  New people to this industry should not have to absorb those kinds of losses.  I think it is just plain nonsense, regardless.  It resembles something evil, which has no place in society whatsoever, and should be subject to the authority of the American people.  Moreover, any asset that simply gets destroyed over mishandling is also complete nonsense.  What happens to it?  I am sorry, but that is not going to be allowed in exchanges in the USA, and hopefully, exchanges everywhere.

If crypto gets destroyed, for any reason at all, thoughtful reasonable people should be asking, why, how, and when are we going to put this to a stop.  The fact that this practice is even taking place in todays exchanges or within the source code of how blockchains are processed, than it is embarrassing and intolerable.  What are we, a bunch of monkeys, swinging from trees?

I don’t even know where to send this complaint?.  If there is a body that has some authority in the cryptocurrency industry, i have not found it.  Then, who is in charge of matters like this?  Anyone?  This is why I am sending this message to my US Senator here in Wisconsin.  If this new industry chooses to turn a deaf ear to victims to something as ridiculous as this, then, the matter must to go to congress in my opinion.  

Ron and Staff, will you help me take this matter to the American people?  The longer we wait on this, the more people will become victims to scammers and to the stupidity written within the source code of cryptocurrency and the blockchain.

Thank you,
